hey everyone could be one can be four
five six or recruiting another video see
at today give you another news update so
this will be been kind of slow nothing
really interesting or anything like that
but today say that of Japan released
some official photos of us on
generations for speed highway for 360
and ps3 and also some new pics a radical
highway so here they are check them out
look pretty awesome definitely alike I
just think Ralph a highway looks awesome
but anyway um yeah so there's some new
screenshots and then I believe um Sega
is like sponsoring the simpsons i
believe it's kind of weird I've no idea
exactly what it's all about but I mean
clean click the link in description to
see what it's all about um can't recall
what it was about I hardly got to see it
kind of in a rush and then I don't have
that's basically than used today I mean
there's there wasn't much use really to
be quite honest I mean it's just been a
really slow weekend which is why I
haven't really made a new video not all
so definitely check out my drawing
condom not half of my channel how did
draw sonic at five minutes that's
injured into a contest as well on my
legs calm still haven't got my money for
the ps3 yet I'm definitely looking into
that because I don't want to be like I
want to make sure they get my email
about that I'm trying to figure out but
anyway um yeah injury that contest kind
of like since you know with all this
youtube partnership like messing up on
me you know any cash with help actually
so plan to use that money to save
towards PS Vita but then also I plan to
use the money to probably buy like an
extra copy of sign generations or
something like that you have 360 ps3 or
3ds version and have a contest for so
kind of have some ideas already kind of
want to do a contest before then
probably giving all like just a little
for my first time probably in like a
week or so and just like probably gave
something random like I don't know my
artwork or something because you know I
don't know but anyway uh that's
basically it for the news and channel
update i guess you today so thanks for
watching police aren't coming like
subscribe stay tuned for more news
updates strong tutorial some more check
out co bond or money four five six make
sure you go to that video how to draw
sonic luck in five minutes and go to my
likes com i'll put the link in the
description and hit the like button you
can just sign in with your youtube
account really easy and then there's
like it's just like just sign in briefly
and it works out so yeah a player like
connect with
tube so thanks again really appreciate
it so ya see ya have a good day and may
the force be with you